hey guys now we are going to do the test
of the afore 4:7 Alpine the small
amplifier as you can see is right here
under my radio and my harnesses are
coming right here this is my other
harness my their harness from the radio
itself going to the amplifier and going
out from it right here as you can see
there's no external amplifiers and now
we're gonna go to the to do the test so
you guys can see it and here we are I
just removed the grill from my speaker
so you guys can see it as I remind you
these ours and infinity Kappas this
speakers are requiring a total of 110
watts to work properly and of course hey
guys now we are going to do the test of
their 4 4 7 Alpine the small amplifier
as you can see is right here under my
radio and my harnesses are coming right
here
this is my other harness mine their
harness from the radio itself going to
the amplifier and going out from it
right here as you can see there's no
external amplifiers and now we're gonna
go to the to do the test so you guys can
see it and here we are I just removed
the grill from my speaker so you guys
can see it as I remind you these ours
and infinity Kappas these speakers are
requiring total of 110 watts to work
properly and of course I am like like 10
watts away but still you're gonna notice
how how good this is gonna hear I'm
gonna use some music that that has like
vocals and everything not just bass
because well
you
[Music]
okay now you guys saw it well I remember
that back in those days when I didn't
have that amplifier hooked up hooked up
to my system my speaker's well they were
actually making some distortion because